README.md, before:

# goa Cellar

The goa winecellar service provides an example for the [goa](http://goa.design) web application
framework.

The service implements an API for managing wine bottles. The service is multitenant: bottles are
created in the context of an account. At this time the database is emulated with a in-memory hash.
An instance of this example is hosted at http://cellar.goa.design.

Using the excellent [httpie client](https://github.com/jkbrzt/httpie):

Listing bottles in account 1:
```bash
http http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts/1/bottles
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 707
Content-Type: application/vnd.goa.example.bottle+json; type=collection; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:06:10 GMT
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin

[
    {
        "href": "/cellar/accounts/1/bottles/100",
        "id": 100,
        "links": {
            "account": {
                "href": "/cellar/accounts/1",
                "id": 1,
                "name": "account 1"
            }
        },
        "name": "Number 8",
        "rating": 4,
        "varietal": "Merlot",
        "vineyard": "Asti Winery",
        "vintage": 2012
    },
# ...
```

Creating a new account:
```bash
http POST http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts name=sonoma created_by=me
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Length: 0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:08:55 GMT
Location: /cellar/accounts/3
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin
```

Showing the newly created account:
```bash
http  http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts/3
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 66
Content-Type: application/vnd.goa.example.account+json; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:10:09 GMT
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin

{
    "created_at": "",
    "created_by": "me",
    "href": "",
    "id": 3,
    "name": "sonoma"
}
```

The complete documentation for the example is available on [swagger.goa.design](http://swagger.goa.design/?url=goadesign%2Fgoa-cellar%2Fdesign).

Commit message:

Clarify that most of the example is generated code

README.md, after:

# goa Cellar

The goa winecellar service provides an example for the [goa](http://goa.design) web application
framework.

The service implements an API for managing wine bottles. The service is multitenant: bottles are
created in the context of an account. At this time the database is emulated with a in-memory hash.
An instance of this example is hosted at http://cellar.goa.design.

Using the excellent [httpie client](https://github.com/jkbrzt/httpie):

Listing bottles in account 1:
```bash
http http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts/1/bottles
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 707
Content-Type: application/vnd.goa.example.bottle+json; type=collection; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:06:10 GMT
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin

[
    {
        "href": "/cellar/accounts/1/bottles/100",
        "id": 100,
        "links": {
            "account": {
                "href": "/cellar/accounts/1",
                "id": 1,
                "name": "account 1"
            }
        },
        "name": "Number 8",
        "rating": 4,
        "varietal": "Merlot",
        "vineyard": "Asti Winery",
        "vintage": 2012
    },
# ...
```

Creating a new account:
```bash
http POST http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts name=sonoma created_by=me
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Length: 0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:08:55 GMT
Location: /cellar/accounts/3
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin
```

Showing the newly created account:
```bash
http  http://cellar.goa.design/cellar/accounts/3
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 66
Content-Type: application/vnd.goa.example.account+json; charset=utf-8
Date: Sun, 06 Dec 2015 09:10:09 GMT
Server: Google Frontend
Vary: Origin

{
    "created_at": "",
    "created_by": "me",
    "href": "",
    "id": 3,
    "name": "sonoma"
}
```

## Generated vs. Non Generated Code

One thing to be aware of when looking at the example is that most of it is generated code. The `design` package contains the DSL that describes the winecellar API. The contents of the `app`, `client`, `js`, `schema` and `swagger` folders are all completely generated by the [goagen](http://goa.design/implement/goagen.html) tool from that package. The `controllers` package contains the API business logic and is the only non-generated directory apart from the design package.

The generated documentation for the example API is available on [swagger.goa.design](http://swagger.goa.design/?url=goadesign%2Fgoa-cellar%2Fdesign).
